hi I'm Sarah Neil I'm here at NAB the
B&H photo booth with gel Co who's about
to tell me about something I've been
super excited about David saw this when
we came to see us and I have never seen
one tell me about the hubsan x4 perhaps
an export just became available recently
actually was announced as you said at
CES and it's a war only one helicopter
drone the time now it has a failure
safety fail failure feature if it starts
falling on sky has a parachute a
parachute after all that's on it we
didn't put a perish the pressure goes
right over here and what happens if it
detects the rafting behavior so if it
hit something let's say a bird a wall
whatever or if you just lose the control
and started going out of control it
flips outside abcess upside down and the
partial deploys so it kind of sentences
that you might be in danger and it
protects itself by operating the
parachute itself yeah your new
investment obviously is you know it is a
pretty neat little helicopter it comes
complete with controller that has a
screen built-in with low control or
power extender I mean while a Wi-Fi
extender so you can control the
helicopter also can receive the signal
for the video and it's got a couple of
features that most of the new drones
trying to implement and the old ones
don't have which is auto takeoff and
land so just gonna push a button he
takes off and you just want to let it
down if you're not sure what to do you
push a button it lens down by itself
also it comes to clue that the even a
camera cameras only three megapixel but
it's you should 1080 in a video which
most people use it for but you can also
feel it outfitted with the GoPro on the
same gimbal because you know you can get
a video downlink but with that camera
and this controller can actually control
camera itself for the settings straight
from here unlike the go prodigy of the
control from
either camera itself up for the app or
from a phone and what I like about this
controller is that it as a choker set
the monitor is in the controller and
it's also got this nice little screen so
if you're trying outside and it's sunny
you're actually gonna be able to see
what you can guide those texts does
gives you shade and does give you the a
little more better view especially
outside in sunny areas like over we have
right here in Las Vegas this is awesome
and it looks it looks calling black it's
funky looking we fly up since every
single day and just know that we're
dying to our hands on one of these also
cursed with the quickly clip-on gods so
when you're clarifying inside so if you
flying inside obviously the height is
the you know limited and the parachute
wouldn't be able to deploy and save it
so with the guards if you hit something
it does bounce off and you continue
flying and still get protected so all of
my great stuff that we already love from
the hubsan drones but with the added
bonus of a couple of cool bytes well
thank you so much for talking to see the
whole thing I thought thank you hi I'm
Anthony cools I'm inviting you to catch
out the coolest new documentary on
drones the drone invasion see what David
and Sarah O'Neil are doing this is some
pretty cool stuff
drones are good drones are good don't
forget it